update README (#314)
knurling-rs/probe-run: README.md

$ sudo dnf install -y libusbx-devel systemd-devel
```

### Using the latest `probe-rs`

`probe-run` inherits device support from the `probe-rs` library.
If your target chip does **not** appear in the output of `probe-run --list-chips` it could be that:
1. The latest *git* version `probe-rs` supports your chip but the latest version on crates.io does not.
You could try building `probe-run` against the latest `probe-rs` version; see instructions below.
2. `probe-rs` does not yet support the device.
You'll need to request support in [the `probe-rs` issue tracker](https://github.com/probe-rs/probe-rs/issues).

To build `probe-run` against the latest git version `probe-rs` and install it follow these steps:

``` console
$ # clone the latest version of probe-run; line below uses version v0.3.3
$ git clone --depth 1 --branch v0.3.3 https://github.com/knurling-rs/probe-run

$ cd probe-run

$ # modify Cargo.toml to use the git version of probe-rs

> $ append these lines to Cargo.toml

Reviewer: You could suggest something like:

```
$ cat >> Cargo.toml << STOP
[patch.crates-io]
probe-rs = { git = "https://github.com/probe-rs/probe-rs" }
STOP
```

> $ append these lines to Cargo.toml

Author: turned that into a comment and added the `cat` version

### "Error: no probe was found."

First, check your hardware:

- make sure that your development board has an on-board *hardware* debugger.
If it doesn't, you'll need a separate hardware debugger that works with the JTAG or SWD interface.

> Some boards have no on-board hardware debugger nor expose a JTAG or SWD port and instead only come with *bootloader* firmware that lets you load new program;

Reviewer: The Raspberry Pi Pico does have an SWD port, but without a debugger plugged into it that's a red herring.

```suggestion
Some boards have a USB micro-B or Type-C connector but only come with *bootloader* firmware that lets you load new program over USB Mass Storage, instead of having a dedicated on-board JTAG or SWD to USB chip;
```
